Amoeboid
Everyone needs a pal - or a few - to lend a helping...hand? Launch Amoeboid soldiers into the fray one by one or fuse them together to envelop your targets.

Blaster
The Galactic Ranger standard issue pew pew weapon. Sometimes called 'Baby's First Blaster'. Boasting range and versatility, the Burst Pistol can be modded to fire up to three energy projectiles at once.

Bombardier
A handy sidekick to help clear your path, this automated drone flies straight ahead and drops bombs on incoming opponents. Like any true sidekick, Bombardier will need your support with follow-up attacks. Enhance this weapon to target enemies on its own and inflict more damage.

Buzz Blades
The Buzz Blades fire razor-sharp discs capable of ricocheting off walls and foes— striking enemies again and again! Warning: May cause excessive sparks, collateral damage, and heroic poses. Increase its power for more, more, more!

Cold Snap
Aw, snap! Give your opponents the cold shoulder with the Cold Snap! This weapon launches icy projectiles at your target, trapping them in a block of ice where they are more vulnerable. Extend the chilly forecast by upgrading Cold Snap to produce longer-lasting and farther-reaching effects - brrrr!

CryoSlider
The Cryoslider launches icy stones across the ground, leaving a frozen trail in its wake. This super cool weapon can be enhanced to increase the amount it can ricochet or to create a chilling explosion upon destruction.

Enforcer
Say hello to your new best friend. The Enforcer pumps out rapid-fire bursts useful in close-range situations. Weapon enhancements will increase your output and fry your enemies with 'stunning' electrical blasts.

Blackhole
A medium range weapon that rapidly fires energy projectiles. Excellent for mowing down mobs. A little slow to get going, but once it revs up - look out, galactic scum! Can be modified for rapid reloading or to create a single, powerful laser blast.

Glove of Doom
Manufactured by Gadgetron, the Glove of Doom disperses multiple tiny androids known as Agents of Doom. These little misfits swarm your enemies, exploding upon contact. The Glove of Doom can be modified to upgrade the Agents!

Shatterbomb
When you need a little extra kaboom in your life, reach for the Shatterbomb glove and lob grenades at your opponents! The Shatterbomb can be modified to produce multiple bomblets.

HeadHunter
Need to take out a mutant firefly from five hundred yards away? This super-accurate sniper rifle packs a punch from a distance. Give your enemies a real migraine by equipping the Headhunter with thermal vision and increased precision.

Holoshield
Optimal protection and optimal style! The Holoshield Glove spawns a protective orb to defend you from incoming strikes. This handy weapon can be upgraded to enable healing powers, spew stunning electrical currents, and generate multiple shields for extra protection.

Hoverboots
Show off your style and your skillz with this fancy footwear. The Hoverboots will get you into - or out of - the fray faster than a speeding energy projectile. Upgrade these boots to dole out damage upon collision and boost your health.

LavaGun
Rain showers of lava down upon your enemies! With a wide spray, the Lava Gun incinerates anyone who attacks you from the front, the sides, behind, or even above. Upgrade your weapon to spray wider, farther, and cover the ground to give your opponents a real game of The Floor Is Lava!

HML
Looking to set some traps? Use the Hunter Mine Launcher to stick mines onto any surface for automatic detonation upon contact - or launch them straight at opponents for immediate impact. Upgrade to make your mines stickier and sneakier!

Plasma Striker
A dream of a weapon! This sniper rifle-meets-crossbow is outfitted with an experimental bioscope to target your enemies' weaknesses with beams of electric rods! Enhance your striker for more beams! More charge!

Pyro
This flamethrower from Gadgetron engulfs close-range foes in a blazing storm hotter than a supernova. Ideal for toasting enemies—or marshmallows. Fan your flames by upgrading your Pyrocitor to spew flammable oil puddles and hotter blazes.

Scorpion Flail
Precision strikes with an explosive twist. Hold the trigger for even more power. <br>

Blitz Gun
Problems with personal space invaders? The Blitz Gun provides an excellent punch at close range! It can be modified in several ways to synchronise with your Dash ability.

Tesla Claw
When you need to deliver a jolt! Designed by Gadgetron, The Tesla Claw uses electrostatic technology to fire a continuous beam of electricity at your target. Excellent for close-range use. the Tesla Claw can be enhanced to deliver multiple beams with more impact.

Suck Cannon
Blow everyone away with the Suck Cannon. <br>

Void Repulser
Perfect for dire situations, the Void Repulser generates a force field that protects you from damage while you rethink your life decisions - or just plan a new attack strategy. Enhance this weapon to increase its force field and stun power for a bit of offence!

Warmonger
Obliterate your opponents with the Warmonger rocket launcher. Designed by Terraklons, this beauty doesn't mess around, offering powerful blows from single mini-rockets. The Warmonger can be upgraded to deliver more mini-rockets at once with added fire damage.

Wrench
Good ol' wrench.